hello everyone is the fourth day of
worlds groups with coverage presented by
mobile dicks I'm joined right now by a
power of evil power of evil it's been a
while since we've spoken and I just
watched your interview with Shox
she said you came up with a great smile
Shox could entertain her couldn't
contain her enthusiasm this is a very
different type of interview power of
evil because you were supposed to lose
that game so ts said we could get three
oh you know I was on Twitter I was
talking about how great it was gonna be
etc and then you decided to win why did
you decide to do that well it's I don't
know it just feels really great since I
don't know every time I meet TSM there's
like Oasis intense games always going so
close and in the end I'm like the one
who's winning it so I'm not just amazing
and my teammates remind me every day
that I'm the Kryptonite of TSM so I have
like such huge confidence boost going
into the games and obviously there's
like this I would say virally between me
and drugs because of what the fans made
up kind of for us like the storyline
kind of and I can feel it in game that
every time we meet we just both want to
win the lane we both want to like kill
each other and you always see us playing
like this kind of assassins or kill
mages and as always just clashing
against against each other
yeah I mean we're going back to group
selection then because I didn't even
really think about this but whenever you
guys realized you're gonna have TSM in
your group was that like a good feeling
for you were you like okay if I was a
kryptonite then this should be something
I could pull off honestly I was thinking
that it's going to be hard since TSM
improved a lot over the last like they
were the fifth time now onwards so they
have so much experience over us like
we're all but forever on our team is the
first time being on Worlds so you could
see clearly in the game like the 23
minute Baron we didn't expect at all it
was like insanely quite short call by
them to do that and they put out a few
surprises against us but I feel like we
shine really through the macro game and
the draft I think helped us a lot yeah
yeah a lot of people I think we're
counting you guys out when you came here
and yet
correct me if I'm wrong but it sounds
like you might be like the best European
team based off of this first week's
results I know we're not done yet but I
mean what do you think of the sort of
attention that you've been getting
the success that you've had maybe
against some expectations but for me
personally I'm really happy since this
year I could redeem myself from the
origin kind of failure last year and I
don't know since playoffs some other
playoffs we kind of just always prove
everyone wrong
like they said we lose against unicorns
laughs against fnatic and we just always
make it through and we just all-time
prove that all the people that count
against us are wrong and today I think
we did the same so it's really great for
us so now you have several days off
before we come back for the second week
of groups you know what do you think
what what is going to happen on this
group because it actually is wide open
you know like two games ago we could
have had a world where TSN was 300 Rios
was one too
now we've got three teams out of 2-1 so
you know what what do you think or how
do you see this playing out I don't know
it's so hard to say I honestly believe
everyone can get first a second seed I
feel like it's a little bit rough on
flesh folks right now but between world
elite TSM and us it's everyone can beat
everyone like every game we play it even
so we lost against world elite in a
really really hard manner that we got I
think he didn't get a single kill we
could still well III felt that we could
have done very more and that we were
playing out scaling composition and we
just took really bad fights so I feel
like we can beat them as well which
means I feel a this group is so right
now everyone can run and everyone can
beat each team there certainly is a lot
of hype for it is there anything special
that you guys are doing to prepare for
this world so it was there anything
unique that allowed you to because again
like I think a lot of people didn't
expect you to you guys to show up this
way is there anything special or some
secret has been the reason you've been
succeeding well I feel like mmm we had a
lot of talks maybe like a lot of teams
or like my experiences of teams are like
struggling over that over the weeks or
the months or like getting kind of
clashing and it's against each other but
we have like a psychologist so we have
like these talks we just say what we
know but we just like about the other
one or
we kind of try to improve everyone wants
to improve and Aaron wants to not be
here for a learning experience but wants
to be here for winning words and to get
out of groups and be TSM and these
things and I feel like that helps us a
lot
of like a lot of confidence for all
games all right so what what happens now
cuz you guys do have three days before
the next week starts what how do you
guys prepare for that and how does that
look
well people pretty much just have the
same schedule like scrim two blocks
against one of the other groups and I
think we will just do the same
maybe we prepare like some new
strategies since i can assume other
teams are going to do that like i would
say a flash for example they lost three
times now they should prepare some
cheese some new strategies because they
could clearly not win and standard games
against yellow teams so we need to be
ready for that and we maybe need to pull
out something new so is there any anti
ardent censor tech that anybody can
build well obviously it is like Calista
and Alistair really really broken
against uncensor because there's a
snowball on them so hard but callisters
always banned and besides that why do
you need something against it if you can
just split Nash's Toofan arena and use
the atom sensor in your favor yeah okay
whenever you're gonna do weird stuff
like that do you like on the world stage
is that something your team supports or
do you have to sit there and be like no
no guys like listen I know it's worlds
but let me do it no no my team believes
in all my team builds I already played
frost screens on sintra like I'll do all
these crazy item bolts and my team
thinks they're really good I'm a team
like it surprises your opponent it has a
lot of strengths so like - one time I
went first screens on sintra we liked a
lot of engage and the most at times and
we didn't really have a good shot caller
for engages so I just popped across
screens and we engage like that and yeah
I feel like my time was really
supportive and it works out pretty good
for us yeah okay well wrapping up this
interview I'll tell you what when we
walked in this room I was very angry
with you but I'll make a deal with you
if you and TSM both make it out of
groups and I'm okay with that you guys
can both get out but they also have to
get out so it's not a plan for me that's
mine funny okay well just do that that
next week just we'll just make that
happen is there anything you want to say
to any of the fans well thanks for
cheering for us besides that don't count
us out we proved you guys wrong and yeah
that's all very good well thank you so
much for the interview for everyone else
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my worlds
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it expired sponsor for this event
they are all about helping you identify
your personal strengths and weaknesses
in League of Legends so you can get
better and by the way they are also
doing a giveaway so check that out in
the comments and you can sign up at
mobile xgg / Travis